Adding Scheme Boolean Equality to produce Boolean equality w/o full decidability (#15526)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/proofs/writing-proofs/reasoning-inductives.rst

  :n:`Minimality for @reference Sort @sort_family`
    Defines a non-dependent elimination principle more natural for inductively defined relations.

  :n:`Boolean Equality for @reference`
     Tries to generate a Boolean equality.
     If :token:`reference` involves independent constants or other
     inductive types, it is recommended to define their equality
     first.

> 

Reviewer: Much of this repeats the description for Equality below, let's integrate it below.

>   :n:`Equality for @reference`
>      Tries to generate a Boolean equality and a proof of the decidability of the usual equality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :n:`{? Boolean } Equality for @reference`
     Tries to generate a Boolean equality.  If :n:`Boolean` is not specified, the tactic also
     generates a proof of the decidability of the usual equality.
```

Reviewer: "the usual equality" is vague, it that easy to clarify (if you're willing)?

Author: I wrote instead "propositional equality". I also extended a bit the description.

     If :token:`reference` involves independent constants or other

>      inductive types, it is recommended to define their equality
>      first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     inductive types, we recommend defining their equality first.
```
